Updating documentation on UIScene migration (#12490)
flutter/website: src/content/release/breaking-changes/uiscenedelegate.md

:::note
This is an upcoming breaking change that has not yet been finalized or

> implementated. The current details are provisional and may be altered. Further

Reviewer: ```suggestion
implemented. The current details are provisional and might be altered. Further
```

announcements will be made as the change approaches implementation.
:::

## Summary

> Apple now requires iOS developers to adopt UIScene life cycle.
> This migration has many implications on [app launch
> sequence]({{site.apple-dev}}/documentation/uikit/about-the-app-launch-sequence)
> and [app life
> cycle]({{site.apple-dev}}/documentation/uikit/managing-your-app-s-life-cycle).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Apple now requires iOS developers to adopt the UIScene life cycle.
This migration has implications on the [app launch
sequence]({{site.apple-dev}}/documentation/uikit/about-the-app-launch-sequence)
and [app life
cycle]({{site.apple-dev}}/documentation/uikit/managing-your-app-s-life-cycle).
```
